red wine
ladies and gentlemen please direct your
attention to the cabin crew who will
demonstrate the safety features of this
aircraft each seat is provided with a
seat belt to fasten push ends together
china teapots by pulling loose and and
to unfasten elliptical buckle and pull
free and release in the unlikely event
of a water landing use your individual
life vest is found under your scenes
remove sharp objects from your body
d-don't from the best video take the
tapes around the waist and push ends to
buckle pull tape to tighten when outside
the aircraft jerk inflation Jack's to
inflate the best manual inflation tubes
are found on both sides he looked
increase air push pins in merger beliefs
their lights will automatically luminate
once the battery tab and immerse in
water Judy black vest inside the
aircraft please be reminded that an
authorized Aruba love life vest from
this aircraft it's a criminal offense
the cabin is pressurized should there be
a rapid change in cabin pressure oxygen
masks will automatically talk for the
compartments above you when this happens
maybe to bleep wrap the mask pull the
drawer with you but it over your nose
and mouth and breathe normally if you
are traveling with a job crisp it on
your own mask and then the child's mask
keep the mask on until you are advised
to remove it please take note of the
emergency exits park along each side of
this cabin and the exits tears too
for further information please refer to
the safety instruction card down to the
same pocket in front of you or your
information there's light draft in an
aircraft this aircraft is equipped would
attack a path lighting system in case of
an emergency evacuations the lights will
illuminate completed usages have a fun
flight everyone